HTML[byStudentName]

HTML
CSS
JavaScript

Front-end web development 

HTML
CSS
JavaScript
Cookies
My first Table

Front-end web development is the development of the graphical user interface of a website,
through the use of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, so that users can view and interact with that website.
        
Tools used for front-end development
There are several tools and platforms, such as WordPress, Joomla, and Drupal, available that can be used to develop the front end of a website.

HyperText Markup Language
HyperText Markup Language (HTML) is the backbone of any website development process,
without which a web page does not exist. Hypertext means that text has links, termed
hyperlinks, embedded in it. When a user clicks on a word or a phrase that has a hyperlink,
it will bring another web-page. A markup language indicates text can be turned into images,
tables, links, and other representations. It is the HTML code that provides an overall framework
of how the site will look. HTML was developed by Tim Berners-Lee. The latest version of HTML is
called HTML5 and was published on October 28, 2014 by the W3C recommendation. This version contains
new and efficient ways of handling elements such as video and audio files.

Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)
Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) controls the presentation aspect of the site and 
allows your site to have its own unique look. It does this by 
maintaining style sheets that sit on top of other style rules and are 
triggered based on other inputs, such as device screen size and resolution. 
The CSS can be added externally, internally, or embedded in the HTML tags.[6]
JavaScript.

JavaScript
JavaScript is an event-based imperative programming language (as opposed to HTML's declarative language model) 
that is used to transform a static HTML page into a dynamic interface. 
JavaScript code can use the Document Object Model (DOM), provided by the HTML standard, to manipulate a 
web page in response to events, like user input.
Using a technique called AJAX, JavaScript code can also actively retrieve content from the web 
(independent of the original HTML page retrieval), and also react to server-side events as well, 
adding a truly dynamic nature to the web page experience.

Cookies INFO
Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your browser by a website you visit. They help that website remember information about your 
visit, which can both make it easier to visit the site again
and make the site more useful to you. Similar technologies, 
including unique identifiers used to identify an app or
 device, pixel tags, and local storage, can perform the same 
 function. Cookies and similar technologies as described throughout 
 this page can be used for the purposes described below.
        
 Some cookies and similar technologies help sites and apps understand how their visitors engage with their services. 
 For example, Google Analytics uses a set of cookies to collect information on behalf of businesses which use the Google 
 Analytics service and report site usage statistics to them without personally identifying individual visitors. 
 ‘_ga’, the main cookie used by Google Analytics, enables the service to distinguish one visitor from another 
 and lasts for 2 years. Any site that implements Google Analytics, including Google services, uses the ‘_ga’ cookie. 
 Each ‘_ga’ cookie is unique to the specific property, so it cannot be used to track a given user or browser across unrelated websites.

 Google services also use ‘NID’ and ‘_Secure-ENID’ cookies on Google Search, and ‘VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE’ and ‘__Secure-YEC’ cookies on YouTube, for analytics. Google mobile apps may also use unique identifiers, such as the ‘Google Usage ID’, for analytics.  
        